# 1. Problem
	"Implementation of Concurrent Miner and Concurrent Validator Algorithm using Static Analysis based technique which group the AUs in the concurrent and sequential bins. Later, a decentralized validator deterministically executes the concurrent and sequential bin AUs and validate the final state."

# 2. Version
	<< Optimized-Version 2 >>
	
# 3. Last Modified
	<< 04-01-2020 >>

# 4. Team Members
	Parwat Singh Anjana, Sweta Kumari, Sathya Peri, Archit Somani.
	
# 5. Content
	1. < inp-output/inp-params.txt >  ::::  Make sure that this file is in the <inp-output> directory.
	2. < staticBin.cpp >              ::::  Source file for concurrent Miner and decentralised Validator Algorithm.
	3. < Util/FILEOPR.h >             ::::  Header file defines File related input/output function.
	4. < Util/Timer.h >               ::::  Header file defines time related functions.
	5. < Contract >                   ::::  Defines <Smart Contract> functions.
	6. < README.md >                  ::::  This File.
	7. < make >                       ::::  Make file to compile the src.
	8. < run.py >                     ::::  Python script for multiple execution of the application.

# 6. Compile on Linux(X86_64)
	$ make

# 7. Execute
	$./decBallot
	$./forkBallot

# 8. Input
	<inp-output/inp-params.txt>
	<content should be four lines with space separated values as follows:>
	50 400
	10
	3 20
	20 3
		Where:
		1. l = 50 : # of threads
		2. m = 400: # of AUs or Transactions
		3. n = 10 : # of Coin:Account Shared Objects
		4. o = 3  : # of Ballot:Proposal Shared Objects
		5. p = 20 : # of Ballot:Voter Shared Objects
		6. q = 20 : # of Auction:Bidder Shared Objects
		7. r = 3  : Auction: Bid End Time or duration (milliseconds)

# 9. Output
	The terminal output gives time taken by the concurrent miner and validator algorithm.
	NOTE:: Output will be from the last algorithm executed.
	1.<inp-output/AtomicUnits.txt> :::: AtomicUnits consists of Atomic Units generated by Algorithm, AUs are executed on smart contract by miner and validator.
	2.<inp-output/Output_Time.txt> :::: Output_Time is avg time taken by an AU, the miner, and the validator algorithm in microseconds.


# 10. System
		Architecture:          x86_64
		CPU op-mode(s):        32-bit, 64-bit
		Byte Order:            Little Endian
		CPU(s):                56
		On-line CPU(s) list:   0-55
		Thread(s) per core:    2
		Core(s) per socket:    14
		Socket(s):             2
		NUMA node(s):          2
		Vendor ID:             GenuineIntel
		CPU family:            6
		Model:                 79
		Model name:            Intel(R) Xeon(R) CPU E5-2690 v4 @ 2.60GHz
		Stepping:              1
		CPU MHz:               1254.906
		CPU max MHz:           3500.0000
		CPU min MHz:           1200.0000
		BogoMIPS:              5189.36
		Virtualization:        VT-x
		L1d cache:             32K
		L1i cache:             32K
		L2 cache:              256K
		L3 cache:              35840K
		NUMA node0 CPU(s):     0-13,28-41
		NUMA node1 CPU(s):     14-27,42-55
