# 1) Problem
	"Implementation of Serial Miner and Validator."

# 2) Version
	<< Version 2.0 >>

# 3) Last Modified
	<< 19-02-2020 >>

# 4) Team Members
	Parwat Singh Anjana, Sweta Kumari, Sathya Peri, Archit Somani.

# 5) Content
	1. < inp-params.txt >   ::::  Make sure that this file is in the <inp-output> directory.
	2. < main.cpp >         ::::  Source file for <Serial> Miner and Validator Algorithm.
	3. < Util/FILEOPR.h >   ::::  Header file defines File related input/output function.
	4. < Util/Timer.h >     ::::  Header file defines time related functions.
	5. < Contract/Coin.h >  ::::  Header file defines <Smart Contract> functions.
	6. < README.md >        ::::  This File.
	7. < Makefile >         ::::  Used to compile the src.
	8. < run.py   >         ::::  Python script used to run the program.

# 6) Compile on Linux(X86_64)
	$ g++ main.cpp -std=c++17 -o main

# 7) Execute
	$./main <num of block> <num of validators> <num of Iterations>
	E.g.: ./main 10 50 20

# 8) Input
	1. <inp-output/inp-params.txt>
		Note: inp-params.txt, content should be a single line with space separated 4 values as follows:
		5 10 1000 .5
		Where:
		1. m: # of SObj; 
		2. n: # of threads; 
		3. K: # of Total AUs or Transactions; 
		4. λ: Random delay seed
	2. <inp-output/listAUs.txt> :::: listAUs consist of Atomic Units generated by <GenAUs> executable in root directory for the benchmark contract, AUs are executed on smart contract by miner and validator.

# 9) Output
	The terminal outputs time taken by the concurrent miner and concurrent validators along with other useful information such as: the average number of validators accepted/rejected a block, max number of validators accepted/rejected a block, the average number of dependencies in block graph, the average number of AUs with non-zero in-degree, etc.

## 9.1) Log file
	1. <inp-output/Time.csv> :::: Time is avg time taken by miner and validator threads in microseconds.


# 10) System
		Architecture:          x86_64
		CPU op-mode(s):        32-bit, 64-bit
		Byte Order:            Little Endian
		CPU(s):                56
		On-line CPU(s) list:   0-55
		Thread(s) per core:    2
		Core(s) per socket:    14
		Socket(s):             2
		NUMA node(s):          2
		Vendor ID:             GenuineIntel
		CPU family:            6
		Model:                 79
		Model name:            Intel(R) Xeon(R) CPU E5-2690 v4 @ 2.60GHz
		Stepping:              1
		CPU MHz:               1254.906
		CPU max MHz:           3500.0000
		CPU min MHz:           1200.0000
		BogoMIPS:              5189.36
		Virtualization:        VT-x
		L1d cache:             32K
		L1i cache:             32K
		L2 cache:              256K
		L3 cache:              35840K
		NUMA node0 CPU(s):     0-13,28-41
		NUMA node1 CPU(s):     14-27,42-55
